Morning, Uncle Cash.
Some heavy reading
for ninth grade.
It's one of mom's
old college books
by this British guy,
Eric Padgett.
He's like a philosopher,
writes about ethics
and how to be good.
So you're reading textbooks
for fun?
I guess.
Well, don't hurt yourself.
Your dad up?
- What time is it?
- Time to feed.
- I'm going...
- Come on.
- I'm going.
- Let's go.
All right, all right,
all right.
Mr. Bright-Eyes
and Bushy-Tail,
just give me a minute.
We ain't got time
for a Lamaze class.
Let's go!
Come on, let's get on it.
We got some
hungry hippos out here.
Here, chick, chick, chick.
No need to shove,
there's enough for everybody.
C'mon, little guy, let's go.
In you get. All right.
There you go.
Get!
Come on now.
Let's go.
How's he doing?
Been lappin' up that zinc
for over a month now.
No reason he shouldn't be
trying to breed
with a heifer on the lot.
Rachel would know.
It's like the damn thing
talked to her.
Yeah.
Never said shit to me.
Yeah, me neither.
But I keep listening.
You okay, girl?
Dad!
What the hell's got her
running out here
like the house is on fire?
- What's going on, darling?
- Come quick!
You all right?
It's coming!
Hey. Hey, there she go.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, easy,
easy, easy, easy.
Easy, girl.
Yeah, I'm not liking this.
She's pushing hard.
Yeah, and ain't nothing
coming out.
Whoa, whoa.
All right, mama,
I'ma take a look,
make sure things are in order.
Yeah, I see the problem.
What's wrong?
Foal's stuck.
She's got one foot forward.
Wanna get a vet?
Probably long gone,
the time she get here.
You got 10 to 15 minutes
in this state.
And I say we on the tail end
of that.
- Keep her still, Cash.
- Whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Easy, my girl.
- I got her.
Pull the tail back.
Dad's trying to fix it.
- Got it?
- Hold on. Got the hoof!
- All right.
- Just gotta get the hoof, girl.
Easy, Flagen.
- Step on back now, she got it.
- Yeah.
She got it.
- There it is.
- All right.
She got it.
Yeah, she precious little thing.
Just think, most people
still sleeping on a Sunday.
Sensible ones anyway.
- Their loss.
- Yeah.
Welcome to the family.
Come on.
Savannah, let's go!
- Gonna find it?
- Yeah.
It gets lost now and again.
You look beautiful,
baby girl.
- Thanks, Dad.
- Yeah.
Why don't you come with us?
Not really feeling
too churchy these days.
'Sides, I need to get
that tractor running.
I've been saying I would
for the last month.
Well...
come meet us
for lunch at the grill.
Bringing out the big guns.
Do it for the patty melt.
Well...
...you buying?
Hot and on the table
when you walk in.
All right, damn it. You got me.
Knew it would.
Y'all have fun now.
Get that thing fixed then.
I'm on it.
Well, we're just gonna
keep asking him.
He just misses Mom.
- Yeah.
- I do, too.
She would have been proud
of him this morning.
Yeah, she would.
When I was a boy,
my daddy would
take me out hunting.
We'd wake up before sunrise,
traipse through the cold
and the dark,
leaves crackling under our feet.
Some of you know
what I am talking about.
I see you nodding, Andy.
And look, I stand before you
now a preacher.
I'm just a sinner,
just like you.
Just like you.
There was a time
I was a real son of a bitch.
Hell, you can look it up.
They got a file on me down
at the police station.
I know a little something
about that.
All right.
Not a word out of you, Sheriff.
But I was in those same woods
that I'd go hunting
with my old man.
And I had a revelation
and I realized
God is always there.
He's always been there,
listening, waiting, ready
to open his arms to us.
- Amen.
- Give me another amen.
- Thank you.
'Preciate it.
Just wonderful, Pastor.
Appreciate you taking the time.
I wouldn't miss it.
Beautiful way
to start the morning.
- All right.
- Sheriff.
Well, the Lord is quicker
to forgive than your fellow man.
How's Finney holding up?
Touch and go.
You need to get him off
that Memphis Blind.
Is he hunting?
Not hardly.
Well, it's worse than I thought.
- Yeah.
- How about you, Savannah?
Has your uncle taken you
hunting yet this season?
We have,
but all I get is skunked.
That's not true.
You've been close on a couple.
Go on, show him
what you picked out.
What you got?
That is some prime
cutting steel. Look at that.
Reckon she's got about, what,
six months of morning chores
before you pay it off.
Your uncle's
a prickly bastard, isn't he?
A miser, too.
Now this one's got you figured,
Cash.
Yeah, she's a regular Dr. Phil.
I'll tell you what,
I'm gonna be eating
your dad's patty melt
if he don't make it here soon.
You should.
I'll be right back.
Finney, where the hell are you?
Twelve-dollar burger's
getting cold.
What's this now?
Cash. Didn't think you'd mind.
Doe here is just having
a little bite to eat.
Might lose my appetite
looking at that hand though.
Get up. Let her out.
You left her all alone.
We were just being polite,
keeping her company.
Come on, Savannah.
Fly away, little butterfly.
We just wanna have a chat
with your uncle.
Come here, sweetheart.
Go get a dessert at the bar.
I won't be long.
It's all right. Don't worry.
Sit down.
What do you want?
We don't want nothing.
Big Cat does.
I got nothing to say to Big Cat.
Big Cat got something
to say to you.
About your farm.
About my farm?
What about it?
All right, come on.
♪ God
I don't understand it ♪
♪ You're always playing
To disown on me ♪
♪ I got sucker punched,
Get me... ♪
There she is.
There's my girl. Church good?
I thought
you were coming to lunch.
I'm sorry, kiddo.
Savannah, give me a minute
with your pops, will ya?
Go on, darling.
Let me talk to Cash.
I'ma make another one.
Now, you let me know
if you have a change of heart.
This you being funny?
Are you really trying to fuck
with my sobriety?
You still smoke.
And that's some nasty-ass shit,
let me tell you.
...this you being an asshole.
I'm just saying.
You can throw them back
as good as anyone.
I was a drunken dumbass,
now, you're throwing 'em back
for both of us.
Now that... that is a truth
you won't hear on the radio.
See, you missed lunch.
The Buck and Doe
joined us at the diner today.
They're under the impression
that you're in Big Cat's debt.
That you owe.
Let me tell you something
about this farm, Cash.
Like a bucket with a hole in it.
Did you give the note
on my sister's place to Big Cat?
I took a loan on my place.
I had to, or this farm
would be gone any damn way.
Goddammit!
You need a loan,
you go to the bank.
Who do you think
I owe the money to?
You think they just
keep giving you more?
Look, I'm telling you
I did it right.
A clear agreement,
I can pay it back
once them cows
are ready for the sale.
It don't matter.
You go through their office,
you sign a bunch
of bullshit paperwork.
That's Big Cat's money
all the same.
Goddammit, use your brain.
I'll tell you what,
you ain't paid a cent
for that cabin.
That might help fill the hole
a little bit, don't you think?
You gave the devil an inch,
Finn.
What was I supposed to do?
You got an extra 100 grand?
No, sir.
All right,
so don't worry about it.
I'll handle it.
No, I'll handle it.
I know how these animals feed.
You need to dry out.
Quit hanging around the house.
Go huntin', take Savannah.
She wants to go with you.
Well, all I'm in the mood
to shoot is this bourbon.
But for you, I'll do it outside.
Here.
They're cooking right out
in the wide open, man.
Making pills inside.
Yeah, we come back here,
four or five guys all armed up,
they ain't gonna know
what's what for.
In and out of there with
every one of them damn pills.
All right, look it. I'm gonna
go around the building.
Get a better look.
You stay here, keep an eye,
okay?
Reg?
There he is! Freeze, asshole!
Shit.
Hands up! Get 'em up!
Leave 'em up!
Look, I appreciate
you got a job to do.
Sir, I know it's important,
but Mr. Barkley
has a very busy day.
I'm happy to schedule you
a time to come in.
Well, you best make it now.
'Cause, I'm not leaving
until I talk to Zeke.
It's all right, Sue.
He's with me.
What you up to?
Just homework.
Honey, you're gonna run off
to some fancy school
and leave your old man here
home alone, ain't you?
Right now I'm just trying
to pass trig.
Yeah?
Well, let me take a look.
You know, I used to get down
with some math
back in high school.
So, Cash.
Yeah.
What can I do for you?
I'm here to find out
what Finney owes,
so we can take care of it.
I'm sorry, Cash.
You seem to be confused.
I don't think this is even math.
"Secant..."
Hell, I don't even think
that explanation's in English.
Hey, honey, you stay right here.
Uncle Finney, open up!
Who is it?
I see him!
Okay. Go hide in the back.
Go hide in the bathroom.
Hey, he's trying
to get out the back!
Come on, Finn.
You don't wanna make us
kick this door in!
I'm just trying to figure out
why you're beating
on my door unannounced!
Open this door, Finney.
Hey.
Hey. How you doing, Buck?
Okay.
Big Cat just wanted us
to pay you a little visit.
Said to check up
on our investment.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I'ma...
I'ma pull it together.
I mean, it ain't even due yet,
so you know.
Leave him alone!
It doesn't look like
you're pulling together shit.
- Stop!
- Shut that kid up.
Don't you touch her!
- Lay off!
- Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Damn straight. This here...
Get him, boys.
Far as the contract
is concerned,
the farm belongs to Big Cat.
Now maybe you can earn it back.
But it's not the kind of debt
that you can just
walk in and pay.
Even if you had the money.
No, the debt's settled
when Big Cat says it's settled.
Until then, you don't own
the ranch.
Now, Cash,
is there anything else
I can do for you?
Hey.
All right, little darling,
I ain't gonna hurt you.
I'm sorry.
Buck... Okay. Okay.
Look, you shoot me,
ain't nobody getting paid.
It's got nothing
to do with money.
What happened?
They put a gun
to his ears and fired.
- Finney?
- I can't hear shit.
Let's get you inside.
Come on.
I am so sorry. I'm sorry.
- Easy. Just breathe.
- I'm so sorry.
Just breathe it out.
I cut one of 'em.
Which one?
The one that's always giggling.
The Doe.
I'm gonna get this figured out.
I need you to look after
your dad, okay?
I'll be back
in a couple of hours.
Okay.
Mr. Williams?
Sheriff will see you now.
Looky here.
Finally turning yourself in,
Cash?
Good to see you too, Duke.
Cash, come in.
Always figured I'd have you
sitting in a cell.
Not across from my desk.
What's this about?
I got a Big Cat problem.
Now, this ought
to be interesting.
Well, Finney went to her
for a loan on the farm
and she's tightening the screws.
Seems anyone should know better,
it's him.
Come on, Sheriff.
I mean, she's the damn queen
of Odim County.
That's something you sure
as hell had a hand in, Cash.
So if you wanna talk
about that, we're all ears.
As far as the loan,
I'd say you talk to Zeke.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, did that.
Look, we wanna take her down
just as bad as you do.
But we need proof of wrongdoing,
not just accusations.
So how about it, Cash?
You got some information?
If you did, it could solve a lot
of problems for both of us.
I'm just trying to hold on
to my sister's place.
Then bring me something concrete
I can take to a judge.
Hang my daddy's gun.
Here. Here.
Lazarus, you're gonna have
to excuse me.
I really like your ideas,
but I'm gonna have
to ponder them.
Yeah, yeah, no problem.
What's up, man?
Cash.
Wanna tell me why you're putting
the screws on me and my family?
Having your men put their hands
on a little girl?
You're upset.
Shot Finney's ears out
in front of Savannah.
His ears
will be ringing for a few days,
no doubt about that.
But the message was for you,
Cash.
You missed it before.
When I have to send a message
a second time,
it comes with more volume.
I don't want your cows
or your land.
Hell, I didn't wanna give Finney
a loan in the first damn place,
because I knew
the drunken son of a bitch
would piss it away.
So here I am
doing the honorable thing,
giving you the opportunity
to work it off,
so I don't have to put Finney
in a hole
next to your sister, Rachel.
I'm out.
We had an agreement.
I've grown since you left.
It's no longer just
plants and pills.
I'm into empire-building, Cash.
I got my fingers and hands
in everything.
It's a delicate time
in my enterprise.
We're on the verge
of something big.
And I could use an extra hand.
Now, I got good, strong boys,
raised on my rules
and dedicated, every one of 'em,
but they don't have your gifts.
You were always so good
with people.
But then you could be
a cold-hearted son of a bitch
just as easy.
That's what made you so good.
I'm not sure
what I'm supposed to consider,
unless you give me
some specifics.
Three jobs of my choosing.
That's what it'll take
to pay back the debt.
If I decline?
You can take the silver
or you can take the lead.
I do this,
it's to pay off a debt.
Three jobs and I'm done.
Simple and plain.
Of course, baby.
No need to be complicated.
How you doing?
Worst goddamn thing
that happened
in front of Savannah.
I don't disagree.
Grown man, can't take care
of my own land.
Couldn't take care of my wife.
Now, my little girl.
You're not the only one twisting
yourself up about things.
No. Maybe I just wasn't cut out
to be a father.
You gotta quit
talking like that.
That's not helping anyone.
- I know.
- Especially Savannah.
I'm just tired of thinking.
I'm tired of feeling.
Tired of drinking.
Being hungover.
I'm so tired of drinking.
It's not gonna be easy
drawing off.
But I'll be there for you
every way I can.
How much trouble are we in?
What can I do?
Keep reading. Keep studying.
So you don't make
the same mistakes we have.
Don't talk to me like
I don't understand.
I know you do.
I can help.
I know you can.
I just want you to stay focused
on what matters.
That's not some stupid books.
That's dad, you, and the farm.
I can't fault you there.
You're right.
But we got this
worked out, okay?
There's nothing you can do
on this, I promise.
How about we go find your dad?
He's got a fire going
and everything.
I can't promise you s'mores.
What's your name, son?
Harlen.
Harlen. As much pain as you're
in right now,
I can promise you it's gonna get
a lot, lot worse
if you don't tell me
who you're working
with on this thing.
Nobody, heard you were
making pills out there.
Figured we'd see if we could get
a little for ourselves.
That's it.
That doesn't sound
very sophisticated.
No.
Please, I'm sorry.
It won't happen again.
I would like to believe you,
but I gotta be sure.
And I can't rightly have you
running around...
with those thumbs attached
to those thieving hands.
No, wait, no, no, no, no.
I won't come back. I swear.
No, no, no, please don't shoot.
No, wait, don't shoot.
Please, please, please.
- Are you sure?
- Just take my thumb.
That's a good decision.
No, no.
Hold on. Okay.
There you go.
Yeah?
Thanks for coming out.
Do I have a choice?
Nope.
Get your fucking ass
out of here.
You trash piece of shit.
Hey, give me one of them.
Where the hell are you, man?
No.
Well, hurry the fuck up,
they already dropped me.
You're such a dick.
Go see what we're dealing with.
Must've read my mind.
Goddammit, Harlen.
I told you to be careful.
They got Reggie. He's dead.
And she cut
my fucking thumb off!
We hit these motherfuckers
back tonight.
Let's go! Get loaded up!
Call the boys, Bobby.
All of them. Get fucking ready.
Five guys. Look like locals.
All strung out.
Talking about revenge
and calling in the boys.
Calling in the boys?
Looks like we got us
some big-timers.
Talk to me.
What do we got?
Yeah, it's just like we thought.
All right,
we'll go in the front.
Why don't you go
in the back, Cash?
I'm gonna need a gun.
I got your gun.
Yeah, baby.
Ready, brother?
All right, boys. Move out.
Gimme the fucking gun,
asshole.
Here you go. There's your gun.
Motherfuckers.
Shut the fuck up, man.
Here's what we're gonna do,
we're gonna...
There's the son of a bitch.
Look at that, Cash got him.
He almost got him.
My gun wasn't loaded.
Whoops.
Cash,
you just passed the shit test.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
All right
You're up early.
Goddamn.
How long you been
standing there?
Long enough to know
you mean business.
- Yeah.
- You ready?
I never needed something
more in my life.
Twelve o'clock.
Goddamn.
I'm shaking like an old man.
Stay focused on the task.
In other words, God.
- God.
- Family.
- Survival.
Survival.
Damn, I got it.
All right, come on.
First things first,
gotta remove the skin.
Start at the top.
Just work your way down.
Just little cuts. Got it?
There you go.
Thank you.
She's got me hemmed in.
That's what she does.
But you're still sitting there.
A lot of people in that same
situation can't say that.
Remember that kid, Tyler Mack?
- Yeah, the dealer?
- Yeah.
Barely. I was out by then.
I liked him.
But he was reckless, you know?
Deep into pills.
Hey, that hillbilly heroin?
Razor-sharp claws.
That was my preferred ticket
to oblivion.
Me, Rachel, and Finney
we'd all party with Tyler.
Get loaded for days.
At that point,
it wasn't even fun.
In so deep.
All any of us cared about
was getting bent.
We were all just right there
on the edge.
I could feel it.
Then I get the call
about my sister's overdose.
Doctor said the pills dampened
the electrical signal
to her heart.
Snuffed the spark right out.
Spent the next two weeks
getting wasted.
Missed my own sister's funeral,
I was such a mess.
That's when I knew
I needed help.
Took losing her for me
to see that.
A lot of people never get
on the right track.
Is that what I'm doing?
You think
I don't experience doubt?
You think I'm not struggling?
Cash, you're making progress.
That's all any of us can do.
Don't sell it short.
What was it that drew you out?
It's nothing quite so dramatic.
I had a revelation.
Pure and simple.
My eyes were opened like Saul
on the road to Damascus.
Yeah, that's pretty dramatic
to me.
Maybe you're right, I guess.
Hell, we got the scars
to prove it.
Yeah?
Okay.
No, I'll handle it.
What's the word?
Lazarus.
His number's up.
Why's that?
Got some side hustle going.
Big Cat don't approve.
She wants an example made.
So, he'll be coming with us,
but he's not coming back.
That's a pretty big change
of plans
to be dropping last minute.
It's fucked, man.
He's been working
this deal for months.
Could open up a whole lane
of East Coast distribution.
But you know Big Cat.
She makes the decision.
You gonna be able
to handle this?
Yeah. Easy, no question.
Just make it clean.
Nothing fancy.
I got it. Jesus.
Boy.
Just about jumped out
of your damn skin.
Yeah, thanks, asshole.
All right, my brothers.
How's about a little 'cid
for this trip?
That's how you wanna go
into this?
Well, I do my best work
on a tab.
Two tabs, that's too much.
That's over the top.
Ain't that right, Wes?
Come on, man.
Stop messing around.
Goddamn, man,
y'all need to relax.
These dudes, they like me.
They're gonna get spooked by all
your fucking stressor vibes.
All right, let's roll, baby.
Time to become legends, boys.
Now make a left there,
cross that bridge.
You wanna give us
a hand here, Wes?
Or you gonna keep pacing
a hole in the ground?
What's the deal, man?
You've been acting fucking weird
all day.
You run out of Percocet
or something?
Wha...
The fuck did you just do?
He knew something was up.
The only thing he knew
is you were acting
like a goddamn jackass.
You said do it clean.
I did it clean.
After. Do it clean after.
It's his deal, isn't it?
His contact.
Shit.
Yeah, shit.
Help me get him
in the goddamn van.
Wanna get off the tarp?
Are you gonna help me get him
in the van?
I think I'm gonna fucking puke.
Just get the phone.
It's them. Shit.
They're 15 minutes out.
Write back, tell 'em
he can't make it,
but his boys will be there.
It's fucking locked. I can't...
Here, channel your best Lazarus.
Right. Okay.
What happens if they ask
about Lazarus?
When they ask,
you let me handle it.
Stay cool and get the deal done.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
All right,
here they fucking come.
Everybody has their thing.
For me, it's one specific one.
My men know what it is
and they avoid it at all costs
just to not set me off.
He doesn't like surprises.
So, you can imagine
my gut feeling...
when I get a text...
10 minutes
before our scheduled meeting...
informing me
that I'll be encountering...
two faces I do not know.
Instead of the one
that I was expecting.
Lazarus.
So I ask you...
where is sweet,
fun-time Lazarus?
And why the fuck isn't he here?
- Look, there must be some...
- He couldn't make it.
We're here to handle it for him.
It's no more complicated
than that.
What did Lazarus say
in his text?
"LOL."
"I'm totally blown out
right now."
"My guys will be there
to cover me."
See, I know Lazarus.
Boy likes to have fun.
That's why he's so pleasant
to be around.
But this...
this is out of character.
We're all a little annoyed
and surprised
he couldn't make it.
But if you knew Lazarus
like we do, well...
it's not so out of character
for Mr. Fun-Time.
Nobody move, or I put you down.
Don't you do it.
Well, this is a major surprise.
There's an explanation,
but I'm not in a position
to give it.
Now, I'm gonna assume
that nobody wants to die
on this fine afternoon.
And we sure as shit
don't wanna tell Big Cat
why this turned
into a bloodbath.
So let's stay focused
on the matter at hand.
Can we do that?
If you can't play nice,
I'll take you
out of the equation.
Understood?
Yeah, I understand.
Your product's all there.
We good?
Get the money.
Wayne!
All right, kid, let's slow down.
We can still work this out.
Wayne? You hear me, Wayne?
You motherfuckers!
Would you stop shooting
and just listen
to what I have to say?
Fuck you!
We fired in self-defense.
You know that's true.
I need you to be smarter
than this.
Shit.
Nope, drop it.
Do it now
or I'll shoot you in the face.
This can play out one
of two ways.
I can kill you
and take the money and drugs
back to Big Cat
and roll the dice
on a busted deal.
Or, and this is
my personal favorite,
you take the drugs,
we take the money,
just like we planned,
you go on living,
we go on living.
What do you say?
Smart kid.
Come here.
Okay.
Actually could have gone
a lot worse.
Get the bag.
Do I even wanna know
what that is?
No.
You're in the back.
- Are you serious?
- Yep.
Get in there
and babysit your handiwork.
- You all right?
- All right.
So, three jobs?
It settles us up.
That was number two.
That don't sit well with me.
Not one bit.
Yeah.
Well, it's not fitting too well
with me either,
so if you got any ideas,
I'm all ears.
There she is.
Hey, honey, how was school?
Good, I guess.
Everything all right?
Another day.
Tip top.
I'm gonna go inside,
so you can finish
whatever it is
you don't want me to hear.
I appreciate it, honey.
- Be in there in a minute.
- Great.
What if Big Cat
don't stick to her word?
That's why I got a backup plan.
There a reason
you came ready for war?
Is there a reason you invited me
out to the middle of nowhere?
I wanna give you Big Cat.
Yeah?
How you gonna do that, Cash?
She's got labs
all over these hills,
all producing.
She's trading trucks
full of drugs for cash.
That's just for starters.
That sound
like a mighty good story.
But I'm gonna need more
than a story.
I need something
that's gonna tie her directly
to everything that's happening.
Can you give me that?
You tell me what you want,
I'll get it.
But I don't exist not
to anybody.
It gets out I'm feeding you...
...Big Cat roasts my family
on a spit, you understand?
I get it.
I understand what you need
and what it means
to take care of your family.
I got you on that,
I give you my word.
I could call my buddy down
at the DA,
we get into it and see
what we need for a conviction,
but I need you to not fuck me
on this, Cash.
I want her gone.
Me too.
Good.
Pick a better meeting spot
next time.
Bottom right corner.
Breathe, relax.
Bottom left corner.
All right, snug
in your shoulder, loose hands.
I can be snug or looser,
I can't do both.
Well, pull it in with your arms,
not your hands.
Slow it all down, Savannah.
It's not about speed,
it's process.
See it, say the word,
squeeze that trigger,
you know what to do.
For God.
Family.
Survival.
All right, second ring, good.
Team effort, there you go.
Are we done?
- Heck no!
- That's what I'm talking about.
Your license and registration,
please.
There you go.
What's that about?
That's gratitude, officer.
It's courtesy
from our first lady
of Odim County.
- It's for you.
- What's that, about 100 bucks?
Yes.
Now, that's a handsome sum,
right there.
Yeah.
I'm gonna let you hold on to it.
You're all right, officer,
thank you.
I want you to step out
of the car.
Are you sure about that?
- One hundred percent.
- I don't think
that's in your best interest,
officer, I... I don't. I...
Well, I want you to step out
of the car,
I want you to pop the trunk,
so I can do a nice inventory
search of the old girl.
I'm gonna go bumper to bumper.
Yeah, I'm... No.
Woah! Let it fucking go!
Get out the fucking car!
It'll be all right.
Give me your fucking arm!
Yeah, you fucked up today.
Yeah.
Now you get to think
about what you just tried to do.
Fuck! Fuck you!
Fuck!
Goddamn.
You just fucked up big-time!
Yeah, you got plenty of time
to think about this.
I got one of Big Cat's
fucking mules
on the side of the road.
Cash, it's Duke.
Man, pick up when I'm calling,
I'm trying
to get a hold of you.
I talked to my guy at the DA
and he says if you can give us
these drug labs on a map,
we may be able
to put this thing together.
I'm gonna need you
to wear a wire.
You can't hide under a rock
on this one.
Call me back. Clock ticking.
Time to go, Cash.
Get in the car.
Where we going?
Don't worry about that.
You just get in the car.
I don't get in the car with you.
- Why not?
- I don't like you.
Because I think
you're an asshole.
Well, we don't think much
of you, either.
So I guess we'll just have
to risk it.
Heard there was a real
clusterfuck in the woods?
You're late!
Come on, boys.
Big Cat wants everyone
around the table.
- Zeke.
- Cash.
Quiet down.
I said quiet down.
I got something to say.
I want you to know...
that we are growing.
And with that,
I wanna draw your attention
to my son Zeke.
You did things for my business
that I never knew possible.
So I want it noted, in front
of all these reprobates...
...that I love you
and I appreciate you.
I love you, Mom.
To my baby boy, Zeke.
Zeke.
And now to this pouty-faced
son of a bitch...
...Cash.
Worked for me back in the day.
Things didn't go so well.
It got kind of ugly.
But I don't blame you, Cash.
I know
I can be a nasty old bitch.
But I thought I'd give you
another chance to do
right by these hills.
And boy, did you.
You salvaged a deal
that in anyone else's hands
would have been a goat fuck.
But you delivered
like you always did.
I got big plans for you.
I got big plans for all of you.
I'm talking greenback dollars.
- Yeah!
- Truckloads
and truckloads
of greenback dollars.
Let's drink
to fucking truckloads!
You want out of my crew.
You take the mark.
- Yeah. You too.
- Take care.
All right, you animals,
move it into the other room.
Get your asses in here.
Are you ready
for the entertainment?
Shit.
Okay, come on, baby.
Let's show the boys who we got
joining us this evening.
Now we're talking.
There we go.
That's what I'm talking about.
You all know Duke.
Yup. Yeah.
He's our top-notch deputy.
Real fan of our work.
Probably got your picture up
on a cork board.
He's been a real thorn
in our side.
But what Duke here
failed to realize
is these hills, they talk to me,
they tell me things,
and they're telling me right now
to do such
savage things to you
that it spreads like wildfire,
and don't nobody wanna follow
in your footsteps.
Jett, come introduce yourself
to the deputy.
Ooh, Jett.
Straighten up now, Duke.
And say hello to Odim County's
badass brothers.
Now, I want you boys
to get creative.
Feel free to mix it up.
Yeah.
Ooh.
I got it all laid out for you.
Yeah.
Yeah, buddy.
There a problem, officer?
License and registration.
Yeah, we got that.
I don't think I've ever seen
knees shatter like that.
Fuck.
I wanna see
just how badly you wanna live.
So if you beg just right,
I might
let you crawl out of here.
Would you like that opportunity?
Get that thing off him.
See what comes.
I... I got a son.
And my son needs me.
And I promise you,
I swear to God,
I swear on everything I love,
I'll...
I'll walk away,
I'll never say anything
to anybody about anything.
I'm begging you, please.
That's good for me to hear.
Please.
But that's not enough for me.
I gotta send a message.
Please.
Somebody in here,
just fucking help...
Nope, we're gonna
do this right and proper.
No.
The only question is...
which of these goes where?
Any suggestions?
Seriously?
Come on now,
that is some weak sauce.
Cash.
You gonna do us the honors?
I think everybody's had enough.
Just let me take him
out to the woods,
I'll finish him there...
then dispose of what's left.
Y'all reached your limit
on this?
If you're gonna survive
in these hills,
you need to get used
to a little blood.
Isn't that right, Cash?
Take him out back,
feed him to my dogs.
Then you can bury what's left.
And then I'm done.
You're done?
Yeah.
Three jobs.
That was the deal.
It don't matter what you think.
I say when it's over.
And that goes for your niece,
your drunk-ass brother-in-law,
and your sister's bones
buried at the farm.
You got me, boy?
Yeah.
What?
Yeah. I got it.
Good.
Now get the fuck
out of my sight.
Get me a drink. A whiskey.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, hey.
You sure as hell know how
to push that woman's buttons.
I can't say I've ever seen
Big Cat take so much
from one person
and still be breathing.
So...
you better stay put
until she lands on a conclusion.
What?
You're gonna wanna see this.
Had our guy get in
that deputy's phone.
Look who he's been talking to.
Get out.
How do you want me
to handle this?
Severely.
Yes, ma'am.
Dad, you ready?
Yeah. Yeah, I'll be right out.
Yeah, hey, we about ready.
Gonna miss this one.
You do know I ain't been back
to that church
since the funeral.
You got Savannah there.
That's enough conviction
for the three of us.
No doubt about that.
What you got going on?
Backup plan went to shit.
I'm figuring a way to fix it,
get some evidence.
- You need some help?
- Sure don't.
I want you and Savannah
as far away
from this as possible.
I gotta go.
Hey, Cash. Ca...
Whoa.
- Hey.
- Dad, looking nice.
Thank you.
It's a little dusty,
but I think it'll work.
It's fine. It...
You look great.
Thank you. You ready?
- Yeah, I'm ready.
- All right.
Good morning, everybody.
Good morning.
Nice to see
your beautiful faces.
Today, I...
I think...
I think today I'm gonna deviate
from my planned remarks...
to speak to you from the heart.
We tend to focus on those sins
that bring tangible things
into our lives,
whether it's greed...
lust, pride.
Something we don't think
about much
is ridding our lives
of those sins
that have no worldly benefit,
like guilt, self-loathing,
anger at God,
or anger at ourselves.
These are the things
that weigh us down
and distract us
from what's important.
Honey, I think I gotta step out.
God doesn't want you
carrying the weight
- of your sin.
- I'll come with you.
He wants you to be present...
I'll be back.
...with those
who are with you now.
Dedicate yourself to them.
Let them be the benefactors
of your love and labor.
Hey, Dad.
Hey.
You okay?
I am so sorry, Savannah.
It's okay.
I'm sorry I haven't been
a better dad to you.
Dad, it's okay.
Losing Mom is...
It's just been tough.
But I promise I'm gonna
be a better dad to you.
I love you.
Come here.
I think Mom would just want us
to be okay.
That she would.
Apologies, Finn.
I've been sitting
on that one for a while.
Might have got
a little overanxious.
Thank you.
I thought it was beautiful.
- It's good to see you.
- And you.
Maybe this means
you'll be coming around
a little more often.
Shit.
I don't know.
I just wanna take care
of mine right now.
Well, when you're ready,
we'll be here.
I appreciate that.
Let's go.
How about you say we get us
a couple of patty melts?
Yeah, I'm down.
- You are?
- Yes.
Hey, Finney, where's Cash?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, hey. C'mon, c'mon.
Hey! Call the cops.
Call the cops right now!
- Get back!
- Hey! Get back. Get back now.
Dad! No!
- Savannah, run!
- Dad!
Back up!
Everybody, back the fuck up!
Run! Run!
Back up!
Get the fuck back, old man!
Back the fuck up!
You're not too old to get shot.
You're gonna kill him!
Stop it!
Come on. Run!
- No!
- Go!
All right.
It'd be a real thrill
to put down a preacher.
Just take it easy, Doe.
Let's get out of here!
Now! Come on!
Let's go, let's go!
Finney. Finney. Jesus.
Sweet Jesus.
Is that help coming?
I'm sorry, he's gone.
I'll be right outside
if you need me.
Sheriff, what a nice surprise.
This a personal call?
Afraid not.
Finney Thompson was beaten
in front of the church today.
I heard about that.
He's since passed on.
See, things happen out
in broad daylight
in front of people.
It's hard for me to control.
It makes us both look bad.
Sounds like the boys
got carried away.
But it is what it is now.
I'm saying I need you to make it
a little easier on me.
People are watching now.
You might want to focus
on keeping
your own house in order.
I would hate to see
any more of your boys
get swallowed up by these hills.
And Lindsey,
it is a plum job you got...
with a lot of perks I provide.
A lot of folks
would like a nice job like that.
So you stay sharp...
'cause there is always somebody
waiting behind.
You have a nice day.
I should've done something.
I... I should've stopped 'em.
No.
No, sweetie, no.
There weren't nothing
you could do.
Don't ever blame yourself.
Where are the police?
We have to tell them who did it.
They already know.
Then why don't they do
something?
Because these people make
everybody afraid.
Well, what are we supposed
to do then?
We're gonna get you
to a safe place.
Get you to a safe place, okay?
I'm done letting her take
from this family.
Pray with me.
Pray with me now.
I don't think God's gonna
like what I have to say.
Just try.
Burdens change shoulders
when you pray.
Just speak your truth.
Father,
you took Rachel,
and now you've taken Finney.
And I got to be honest...
I just don't see a plan here.
I don't see how a loving God
could take my family
and leave that little girl
with no mom and dad.
It don't make no sense.
In fact, as long
as we're being honest here,
I wonder if you're there at all,
if you've abandoned us all
in this hell to suffer.
Wilder tells me you are there.
And that you test your servants.
And that this is my burden.
So I'm gonna do
what feels right.
And I'm gonna trust that,
because my blood is on fire.
But I ask you, Father,
I ask that you protect
what's left of my family
while I go about this.
I ask that you give me
the courage,
and the strength, and resolve...
to kill these bastards.
In your name, Father. Amen.
Amen.
Man, you gotta get a new place.
You don't actually bring girls
back to this thing.
Less than I'd like, but yeah.
And it's resulted in fucking?
More than you think.
Bullshit, give me that.
Here you go.
- Take that.
- Later, bro.
Fuck!
Didn't know you was trailing,
you little fucker.
Let's go, Cash!
You fucking cunt!
Fucking keys. Fuck.
Found the family's truck
in the woods.
Even left his damn keys.
We'll be taking care
of this in-house.
Anything you'd like me to do?
Keep this mess from getting out.
Will do.
You boys.
You spiraled
so far into the depths
of depravity that
you abandoned all
agreed-upon, basic courtesies,
even knocking.
Girl must have
a healthy appetite.
Nope.
Old Rusty.
Loves a big piece of meat.
Yeah. There's a boy.
We're past time
for messing around, Pastor.
Where is she?
I told you, she ain't here.
I do take issue, however,
with the murder of her father.
No one gives a damn
about your issue...
I'm gonna ask one last time.
Where's the girl?
Well, I'm telling ya...
I'm right here.
Now leave him alone.
No!
Smart girl.
She just saved your life.
Now you tell Cash,
Big Cat's willing
to make a straight trade.
His life for the girl's.
What the hell happened?
You didn't answer my calls.
My phone died.
Where's Savannah?
They took her from me.
I'm sorry.
They wanna do a straight swap.
Your life for her life.
I have myself a plan.
You being here might change it.
No.
I think you
and I got the same idea.
Wanna get cleaned up?
Might splash some water
on my face.
Rather take
a clean shirt, but...
I like to get filthy
when I maul.
The most important
decision of your life right now.
Don't fuck it up.
I ain't gonna do nothing.
Well, then do nothing
while you're putting
your hands behind your back.
Sit!
- What the fuck are you doing?
- Get your ass up.
Zeke, we're taking you to lunch.
You don't know
what the fuck you're doing!
Sit.
You motherfuckers!
- Stay. Good boys.
- You're fucking dead! No!
No!
Don't just stand there, Susan,
fucking call somebody!
Don't do anything, Susan!
Fuck!
I never had a daughter.
I've had three sons,
but the hills took two of 'em.
There was an incident
at the law firm.
They got Zeke.
Zeke's phone.
Where's my boy, Cash?
Well, he's anxious
to get back under your wing.
Let's do a trade.
Trade?
Zeke for Savannah.
We meet at the rock plant,
Avenue 280.
Here's how this is gonna work.
You be at my place.
Four o'clock with Zeke.
You don't show,
I'll put another member
of your family in the ground.
That doesn't work for you?
We each dispose of our wares.
Save us both some trouble.
Is that clear?
Four p.m.
How'd that go?
Change of plan.
Well, that sounds encouraging.
Yeah, you're fucked.
I'm real tired of your family.
Keep your eye
on that little bitch.
Yes, ma'am.
♪ I got the
Holy Ghost fire... ♪
You fucking son of a bitch!
You've signed your fucking
death warrant, you motherfucker!
You're fucking dog shit.
You're fucking dead.
♪ Got a Holy Ghost fire
♪ Got it rolling down
The streets ♪
No! Don't shoot. Don't shoot.
Fuck!
Anybody put a shot in my son
and you will be
on the receiving end.
It's all right, baby, I'm here.
Big Cat!
Hey, Wilder.
You got all mixed up in this.
Where's Cash?
Things will go smoother
if you and me make this trade.
Keep emotions out of it.
You come driving up
with my son as a hood ornament.
I thought you was reformed,
preacher.
I'm more the Old Testament type.
Eye for eye, tooth for tooth.
Hell, now you're speaking
my language.
Let my boy down.
I don't like seeing him
up there like that.
We can make the exchange
at the same time.
I ain't cutting him loose
till I got Savannah.
And I know you ain't tailing me.
If that happens,
I'll drop him down the road.
Sounds good by me.
Go get her.
When Zeke's clear, take him out.
We're gonna stuff
and mount these motherfuckers.
Make a show of it.
Easy now, little girl. Okay?
Put the gun down.
Put the fucking gun down.
Shit.
Put him down.
Don't fucking shoot.
He's behind the car!
Get a flank on him.
Shit.
Put a pinch on him.
Goddamn it, Zeke,
get out of there!
Zeke!
Zeke, get the hell out of there!
Stay! Stay!
Easy, boy.
Get the fuck back.
Zeke!
Hate to tell you this, Savannah,
but that M1 only holds
eight rounds.
Know how many you got left?
'Cause I do.
Damn, kid!
All right, game over.
I'm gonna
take your fucking face off.
Shit.
End of the line, little girl.
No, goddamn you!
Zeke.
God, Zeke, baby.
Baby.
God. I'm sorry.
Okay.
God damn you.
Uncle Cash!
Come here.
Shh. You okay? Yeah?
Go!
Uncle Cash!
What do I do?
Out that window. Keep going.
Get out of town.
Get out
of the whole goddamn state.
- No!
- Savannah. Look at me.
For God, for family,
and survival. Go.
Go now!
Savannah, go!
Get the hell out!
You better know there's no place
on this earth I won't find her.
I'll see you in hell.
My sk...
Good morning, everybody.
Good morning.
I missed you.
It's great to see
all your bright, shining faces.
As you know, I haven't been here
for a few months.
I cut myself shaving.
- Want something to eat?
- You bet.
How I have longed
to be here with you.
Continue our talks
about the Lord's word
and the Lord's will.
Today's lesson
is on divine vengeance.
"What if the breath
that kindled those
grim fires, awaked,
should blow them
into sevenfold rage
and plunge us into flames?"
"Or from above,
should intermitted vengeance
arm again his red right hand
to plague us."
How's she doing?
Good.
Little giddy?
♪ Can't keep quiet
Through the night ♪
♪ Praying for the dawn sky
♪ Waiting for the day
♪ When the darkness
fades away ♪
♪ Fires burning deep within ♪
♪ Smokescreen's got me
Lost again ♪
♪ But I've smoldered
Long enough ♪
♪ And the ash is piling up ♪
♪ I've been sleeping
On my roof ♪
♪ Got a jackknife in my boot ♪
♪ But the red eye
Is still in me ♪
♪ And I've got to find
My way through the dark ♪
♪ Through the darkness
I can see ♪
♪ A road that's bound
To set me free ♪
♪ The tunnel's holding on
♪ Can't turn back
I'm moving on ♪
♪ Piece of me I left behind
♪ Another piece I try to hide
♪ I'll learn the lines
I'll play the part ♪
♪ I've got to find my way
Through the dark ♪
♪ Through the dark
♪ The rivers
that I've crossed ♪
♪ Are as deep
as they are wide ♪
♪ But not enough to wash away
♪ The knots that we have tied
♪ I've lost the light
Along the way ♪
♪ There's just no way
Around it ♪
♪ I'll call you
When I've found it ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ As the plane
Was touching down ♪
♪ I was thinkin' 'bout
Some old ghost town♪
♪ The place we used to live♪
♪ I'll forget,
I won't forgive ♪
♪ Now the fire deep inside ♪
♪ It's burning
Right before my eyes ♪
♪ Eradicating the dark
♪ Sometimes all you need
Is a spark ♪
♪ All you need is a spark
♪ The rivers that I've crossed
Are as deep as they are wide ♪
♪ But not enough to wash away
♪ The knots that we have tied
♪ I've lost the light
Along the way ♪
♪ There's just
No way around it ♪
♪ I'll call you when
I've found it ♪
♪ I've found it
♪ I'll call you when
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ All you need is a spark